Adding analyzer comments for Wizards and Warriors (#2334)
exercism/website-copy: analyzer-comments/java/wizards-and-warriors/use_override_annotation.md

# use override annotation

> It is a good practice to use the `Override` annotation to denote overrided methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although not strictly necessary, it is a good practice to use the `@Override` annotation when overriding methods from a superclass.

Doing so may help prevent errors: if a method marked with `@Override` fails to correctly override a method in one of its superclasses, the compiler will generate an error.
```

# use override annotation

Although not strictly necessary, it is a good practice to use the `@Override` annotation when overriding methods from a superclass.

> Doing so may help prevent errors: if a method marked with `@Override` fails to correctly override a method in one of its superclasses, the compiler will generate an error.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Doing so may help prevent errors; if a method marked with `@Override` fails to correctly override a method in one of its superclasses, the compiler will generate an error.

```
